bambino student dance ensemble
ruins of folk instruments orchestra
wlan hall presented a national
Kalmyk culture internationally
festival of switzerland such events for
the opinion of the participants represents
unusually colorful spectacle because
the guys were the most vivid impressions
which did not share with my colleague al
chase and these shots the guys took off on
the video is primarily spoken and not for
to have a house to discuss the shortcomings
and of course show your loved ones because
for many it was the first overseas
trip because the festival experience
where teams from 15 took part
the brightest countries of the world
Valeria Regina vase she cuffs Weigel
and she will nko tell him what
first-year attendance at a male stand
with callum blue by the way one of the conditions
festival exclusively live music
phonogram usage was launched
so student ensemble song and dance
Kalmyk University of the depths he
performed with music
orchestra of folk instruments at plunges
we felt great excitement and
pride in what we stand
here is another country on so big
the stage
but on a par with other teams
we had a lot of professional
emotions and was very glad that we
We represent Kalmykia and Russia on such
large-scale festival Switzerland itself on
I was inspired by a very beautiful nature
mountains participation in the festival
broadens the mind look at the world
other eyes already temperament character
and cultures of the distinctive Kalmyk people
tried to show their dances now
manga
and violetta kalmykova represented the world
warriors search about ctoby riders
and other productions that emphasize
courage and proudly steppe
one kind of suits there was noise so much
incendiary that some viewers
far from choreography they tried to repeat
his movement and we are told by the guys
overwhelmed with a sense of pride in one's own
Kalmykia has so much new
interesting I learned exchanged experiences with
other social groups that is
such as mexico we show friend
friend movements and tried
that is, we are good at them and
they are good at our moves
we had a challenge worthy of you
told to submit the republics not only
republic all Russia toil to speak
well show your culture
national coloring dancing festival
passed on the territory of the French
the resort of the country in the city of martini
and switzerland dance group
visited by invitation representatives
UNESCO
travel arrangements were reached
Canadian University leadership yet
this spring the right to participate
the festival deserved was binary which
more than 30 years is a keeper
folklore customs and traditions of Kalmyk
people during this time to the national
choreographic art have attached
filmed a generation of harvard students
university many already speak at
professional site we are there
met with mexico south africa from
romania
glorious Slovakia they approached and
were surprised
unusually our movement unusual our
music but also found something common for example
Slovaks had the same tool as u
us yuchen called a character and we on their
especially did not play their representative
Having played on our beat was not very
interesting well and the festival of switzerland is
rather a celebration of creative fiction and
mastery he is called upon not to reveal the best
of the best
combine all students from different
corners of the world for friendship and fortification
Cultural Relations Olga nyammi Vladislav
the padma rays lead the Kalmyks